before we begin let me start by saying I
love how this movie motivates me to
improve my bond
now I'm gonna cuddle up with my cat
drink some soda pop and watch rocky
while I eat my pita chips the styles of
our movie today
ah weighing in at 178 pounds 158 if you
subtract is the Italian stallion watch
the real Italian stallion and see for
yourself I have never regretted finding
out something so much in all my life
weighing in at 40 2.3 pounds 40 if you
subtract or nerdy glasses the saddest
Italian woman in cinema history
Connie Coppola weighing in at 183 pounds
179 if you subtract his mustache the
deadbeat daddy nobody saw coming just
letting y'all know rich folk can be
slackers to Apollo Creed and weighing in
at 283 pounds 133 if you subtract his
fat the choking chubby to make the heart
a look even hotter
Paulie play house tour begins in
Philadelphia 1975 CL says right there
with Jesus overlooking rocky and his
opponent in the boxing ring because
apparently there ain't nothing Jesus
loved more than watching two people beat
the [ __ ] out of each other while he
laughs at him both for thinking he's on
their side a much to know about Rocky
hell even rocky don't know much his
vocabulary consists of about 10 words
they include aid oh eh oh oh eh yo
Adrian and you sure the same s sometimes
he streets together a few at once until
he says ayo yo Adrian usually sumers but
all that matters is he could still kick
my and y'all's I don't discriminate he
lives in a rathole apartment where his
only mother and friends are two turtles
and they can move faster the Rocky's
brain and there's a fish I didn't forget
the fish don't grab your pitchforks
really the only reason he owns these
pets is because he goes to visit a local
group at the pet store twice a day and
she completely ignores his ex even
though every day he makes up a new joke
for and let me tell you when your jokes
are underappreciated that is the lowest
point in your life ah but still you push
this and so does rocket but these are
some hard-working people right here you
know it ain't easy to work this hard
just to be broke take it from Jim so
rocky got no skills no woman no money
and now no damn Locker so he goes to
Mickey this is Mickey his colon on
prunes moves faster than rock his brain
and rocky is angriest so he walks up to
Mickey and says oh you Luke or you and
makes sense if I bounced off the rocket
says oh okay rocket stops by to see
Adrian again then to see her brother
Pauline hoping he'll help him hook up
with her and Paul is like I don't know
why you won't that loser she damn near
30 he never had nothing up in there and
they no more than a few years away from
Barton does and here we see the
difference between the motivated and the
lazy when this bartender calls Apollo
Creed a clown rock is like oh you won't
be like a bowl Creek right and the
bartender pretty much just says hey I
got my beer so to remind us all that
Paul folk are only pawns in the rich
man's chess game
Apollo finds out his opponent has broken
his third metacarpal in his left hand
and Apollo's trainer is having none of
this and he says hey it ain't just green
what about all the time Apollo has
invested [ __ ] so the rest of the
conversation goes something like this
Ernie Romans in France enjoying a
croissant but his Chow moved to
California turned into a tempest and
Apollo says I am the king goat they all
afraid to step into the ring with me
where the whole world will see me do
like their mamas and spanked a little
white and Don King over here says I get
it Nepal oh you want to make a bunch of
[ __ ] money but Apollo says
Gardens
let's take some nobody and make him a
somebody by putting them in the ring and
own this here possa in front of
everybody but can't nobody beat me and
then I'll remind everybody that he ain't
somebody and meanwhile we can make a
bunch of [ __ ] money and they all
laugh about making a bunch of
[ __ ] money
so notice daddy look through the book of
boxes which I don't think really exists
and he picks his favorite pass he says
sales are nobody Apollo Creed versus the
Italian stallion sounds like a damn
porno movie rookie goes to Polly and
Adrienne's house for thanksgivin and
Paulie actor oh so rocky goes to or dog
says yo Adrian the road says you
something like three years older than
God I'm the same age as you so I think
we could go out thought dusty Bella
after he takes an ice skate and he walks
her back to her as a pop man says I
looked at their suds we just kind of wet
boom you know I mean and he finally gets
the end of the room and he's like I know
this is a bug Department but I ain't a
slacker in one department so arrow your
agent let me show you my Sylvester
Stallone
we can't really get to know each other
until rocky introduces you to is Brock
our little rusty you always are poor no
you should see me can you imagine the
confusion that must have ensued between
these two dumb it was on that apartment
floor are you a dream I've got this
wrong thing here and I was up we're in
that place there we might be doing the
Sun so to summarize Adrian takes her
first ride on a Bronco italiano the next
day rocky shows up at Mickey's place and
finds out Apollo Creed is looking for it
but Mick says y'all loser you don't do
with your life you got fouled and you're
wasting it but I'll see you back at your
place in a few minutes time can ask you
for a damn job you see there are kind
people such as rocky in this world who
are put here to tolerate it so such as
Mick so rocky goes to see Jergens the
promoter of this big Apollo Creed
struttin event thinkin Apollo don't need
nothing but a sparring partner and as we
should all expect rocky is wrong
you see they want to make people believe
that they have given this underdog a
shot at the American dream but they
think rocky can't even spell Apollo much
less beat him and look at rocky ain't
done nothing and is already famous on
the boob tube kind of like Steve Marvin
so they ask rocky a bunch of dumb ik
questions like where'd you get your
nickname the Italian stallion and rocky
says I came up doesn't name about six
years ago when I was in that movie with
the same name but my Italian try to roll
free well that got Polly's attention so
just like I told you
Mick shows up asking for a job and rocky
gives it to him because who the hell
else don't train that bum and the next
morning rocky wakes up at 4:00 a.m. to
28th mother in degree weather guzzles
five raw eggs and still can't even
manage to run up 72 damn steps water in
cupcake poorly and rocky have a little
conversation about why rocky is
attracted to Adrienne and Paul II asks
Rocky if he's been serving her his
fourteen pounds of ground round and when
Paulie pushes rocky into a state of
explosiveness rocky demonstrates the
Polly how well he can beat his meat all
puns intended and Polly thinks Obama
tolerate this well-hung half-wit and my
simple sister I'm gonna need to stay
half-lift
back at the house Adrian can't think of
nothing except how she wants a taste of
that large Italian salami and he's like
oh look Adrian is the Creed of that
booty
I can always found one this is supposed
to be a testament to his mental
fortitude but I just don't think turning
down Adrian would take that much
willpower Mick turns rocking into a
contender with one string yells at some
children and tells rocky just because
you Datanet pits told Dane don't mean
you gotta be pumping like animals
later Polly calls the local news to show
off rocks meat beaten and you know that
ain't the first time he's beat his meat
for the camera
Creed's trainer sees it and says Apollo
I think you might need to see how this
boy might be taught baby
apparently amongst all this money
plotting and showmanship it never occurs
to Apollo that he might just get that
whoop oh Jesus every family gotta have
the annual family Christmas meltdown
Paulie the biggest loser in the movie
goes on a rampage and like all losses
blames every damn body for his problems
except himself
he pretty much calls Adrian a halt rocky
gently reminds him that he could easily
come up and Adrian and rocky agree that
two bums in one stinky apartment is a
good idea it's time for Jeb's
10 simple steps to sucks less one insert
your 8-track tape and play motivational
seventies music that sounds awfully
close to a pono anthem oh to catch a
fruit it won't hurt to eat it either
three slap a sack Paul get some old
sweaty bums to provide moral support
five be a punching bag because you're
too damn dumb to feel pain anyway six
beat you meet again because your
inspirational music gets you in the mood
seven run away from defeat look at Rocco
eight
finally get your mama Lou gets up the
[ __ ] steps nine act like a fool
while nobody's watching dummy you ain't
wins ten and witty comedic banter to a
legendary scene so you don't sound like
a [ __ ] because this is emotional but
the night before the match reality hits
big ol rocky really hard he gets in
Adrian's bed and says Abubakar Rove
third good well rocky that was your
first mistake and they says oh they got
the beach cream
[Music]
nobody distance
and Adrian's like I'm gonna go back to
sleep because I can't understand a damn
bar do mumbling words Jeb is all too
familiar with
Oh for sake
ain't nothing Jim hates worse than a
[ __ ] go coming out on a mother
in float like the whole damn world oh
it's a parade look at him in that dummy
tat trying to look smooth tiptoeing
around like and ballo Raynham acting
like his presence provides the damn
crowd with a religious experience I'm
not even sure I'm talking about Creed
anymore and oh yeah there's a fight
[ __ ] and then winner Apollo Creed
Bailey then you load rock ready to
double root and Adrian is like rocky
your face looks like a ground [ __ ] a
fatty
but I still love you because you still
got that Italian stallion and your
boxers Jones the moral of this story is
if you ain't a stallion
you better be smart if you ain't smart
you better be a stallion and if you dumb
and puny you just well that's what I got
from it anyway and if you're really
lucky you just might make 150 grand
being a herculean meathead but that
doesn't mean Jack diddly squat because
he's gettin broke again early in the
second movie
please don't ask for too soon and be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe your
regular punch of mouth you can expect me
to upload videos after I finish this bag
of tater chip and it's a big bag full
movies explained for I'm Jam working my
top but still broken Isles it'll bite